[docs] Improve visibility of 6.8 and 7.x releases (#690)
elastic/helm-charts: README.md

## Charts

These Helm charts are designed to be a lightweight way to configure our official
Docker images. Links to the relevant Docker image documentation has also been
added below.

We recommend that the Helm chart version is aligned to the version of the product
you want to deploy. This will ensure that you using a chart version that has been
tested against the corresponding production version.  
This will also ensure that the documentation and examples for the chart will work 
with the version of the product you are installing.

For example if you want to deploy an Elasticsearch `7.5.1` cluster, use the

> corresponding `7.5.1` [tag][elasticsearch-751].

Reviewer: I would suggest using a more recent tag like https://github.com/elastic/helm-charts/tree/7.7.1/elasticsearch/ which provides better documentation.

Author: Done in 502cc2d

> The `master` version of these charts are intended to support the latest pre-release

Reviewer: I think we should wait for @jmlrt's [PR to be merged](https://github.com/elastic/helm-charts/pull/682) before merging this one and then update these instructions to clearly explain that:
- the `master` branch is used for testing the latest snapshot versions of our products
- we don't recommend using the `master` git branch for production deployment but instead either the git tags or the https://helm.elastic.co repository which contain the versions tested and released by Elastic

| [APM-Server](./apm-server/README.md)       | https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/server/current/running-on-docker.html       |[`7.8.0`][apm-7] |[`6.8.10`][apm-6] |
| [Elasticsearch](./elasticsearch/README.md) | https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docker.html     |[`7.8.0`][elasticsearch-7] |[`6.8.10`][elasticsearch-6] |
| [Filebeat](./filebeat/README.md)           | https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/running-on-docker.html   |[`7.8.0`][filebeat-7] |[`6.8.10`][filebeat-6] |
| [Kibana](./kibana/README.md)               | https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/docker.html                      |[`7.8.0`][kibana-7] |[`6.8.10`][kibana-6] |
| [Logstash](./logstash/README.md)           | https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/docker.html                    |[`7.8.0`][logstash-7] |[`6.8.10`][logstash-6] |
| [Metricbeat](./metricbeat/README.md)       | https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/metricbeat/current/running-on-docker.html |[`7.8.0`][metricbeat-7] |[`6.8.10`][metricbeat-6] |

## Supported Configurations

> Starting with the `7.7.0` and `6.8.9` releases, some charts are reaching GA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with the `7.7.0` release, some charts are reaching GA.
```
The 6.8.x releases are not going to be GA.

Author: OK, my mistake :)
